{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13363\c13363\c13329;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13580\viewh9320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This dataset includes median (0.5 quantile) and long-distance (0.95 quantile) displacement distances for 803 individuals spanning 57 terrestrial mammal species. Displacements were measured over 9 timescales (1h, 2h, 4h, 8h, 16h, 32h, 64h, 128h, and 256h). Also included are mean body mass, trophic guild, mean Normalised Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and mean human footprint index values for each individual. Displacement values are in kilometres and body mass values are in grams. \
\
Variables contained within this dataset are:\
\
Order: The animal\'92s phylogenetic order\
Family: The animal\'92s phylogenetic family\
Genus: The animal\'92s phylogenetic genus\
Species: The animal\'92s phylogenetic species\
Time: Time Interval between Relocations (h)\
Disp.M: Median Displacement (km)\
Disp.95: The 0.95 Quantile Displacement (km)\
Mass: The animal\'92s mass in g\
Diet: The animal\'92s dietary guild (H = Herbivore, C = Carnivore, O = Omnivore)\
NDVI: Scaled Normalized Difference Vegetation Index \
HFI: The Human Footprint Index (HFI), an index with a global extent that combines multiple proxies of human influence: the extent of built environments, crop land, pasture land, human population density, nighttime lights, railways, roads, and navigable waterways. HFI ranges from 0 (natural environments) to 50 (high-density built environments).\
\
\
Reference:\
\
Tucker, M. A., B\'f6hning-Gaese, K., Fagan, W. F., Fryxell, J. M., Van Moorter, B., Alberts, S. C., ... & Bartlam-Brooks, H. (2018). Moving in the Anthropocene: Global reductions in terrestrial mammalian movements. Science, 359(6374), 466-469.}