{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20220\viewh12920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The data collected during 1993-1994 from winter surveys of a large number of rice fields in California in which waterbirds were counted and identified to species. Here waterbirds were defined as Anseriformes (swans, geese and ducks), Podicipediformes (grebes), Ciconiiformes (herons, ibises, and allies), Gruiformes (rails, cranes and allies) and Charadriiformes (shorebirds, gulls, and allies). The data have been analysed previously, both to look for effects on individual species (Elphick and Oring 1998) and to examine composite descriptors of the waterbird community (Elphick and Oring 2003).\
\
Variables contained within this dataset are:\
\
Time: Time of the sampling (units tbd).\
FIELD: The field the data were from.\
AREA: The area of the field in ha.\
SPTREAT: Categorical variable defining management type.\
DEPTH: Water depth of the rice field.\
Richness: The species richness of the field.\
Remaining rows are counts per unit area of different bird species.\
\
\
Reference:\
\
Elphick, C. S., & Oring, L. W. (1998). Winter management of Californian rice fields for waterbirds. Journal of Applied Ecology, 35(1), 95-108.\
\
Elphick, C. S., & Oring, L. W. (2003). Conservation implications of flooding rice fields on winter waterbird communities. Agriculture, Ecosystems & Environment, 94(1), 17-29.\
\
Elphick, C. S., Zuur, A. F., Ieno, E. N., & Smith, G. M. (2007). Investigating the effects of rice farming on aquatic birds with mixed modelling. In Analysing Ecological Data (pp. 417-434). Springer, New York, NY.}