{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13363\c13363\c13329;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14380\viewh9800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Common seal (Phoca vitulina L.) data comes from Cronin et al. 2007, where between April 2003 and November 2005, regular standardised haul-out count survey of Bantry Bay and Kenmare River was carried out by boat. Counts of seals at each haul-out site was carried out independently and simultaneously by two observers, initially from 200 m and progressively closer. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
Variables contained within this dataset are:\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Abun: Seal abundance\
Site: Haul-out site (1 = Bantry Bay; 2 = Kenmare River)\
Month: Sampling month.\
Year: Sampling Year\
Week: Sampling week\
WeekTime: sampling week and year combined\
Timeofday: Time of day in hr\
Winddir: The wind direction (1 = north/northeast; 2 = east/southeast; 3 = south/southeast; 4 = west/northwest)\
Windspeed: Wind speed measured on the Beaufort wind scale.\
Weather: Weather conditions (unknown scale)\
\
References\
\
Cronin et al. 2007. An assessment of population size and distribution of harbour seals in the Republic ofIreland during the moult season in August 2003. Journal of zoology, 273: 131-139\
\
Zuur et al. 2009. Mixed effects models and extensions in ecology with R. Springer. ISBN: 978-0-387-87457-9.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}